# Typical Meteorological Year (TMY) data derived from the NSRDB time-series datasets.**Acknowledgement**:Data are extracted from NREL National Solar Radiation Database https://nsrdb.nrel.gov/data-viewer/download/introLicenseCreative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License**Description**:Released to the public as part of the Department of Energy's Open Energy Data Initiative, the National Solar Radiation Database (NSRDB) is a serially complete collection of hourly, half-hourly and quarter hourly values of the three most common measurements of solar radiation – global horizontal, direct normal, and diffuse horizontal irradiance — and meteorological data. These data have been collected at a sufficient number of locations and temporal and spatial scales to accurately represent regional solar radiation climates.The data was downloaded with the highest available temporal resolution of 15 min for the reference year 2019. In order to use the data in simulations with a temporal resolution of 1min, the data set was extended by linear interpolation. While this approach is justifiable for air pressure and temperature, for example, it does not depict high fluctuations in solar radiation - look in the folder NSRDB instead.Original csv files are read in the weather component of HiSIM. **Test reference stations / regions**No. | lon | lat |region--- | --- | --- | --- 1 | 48.85|2.34|Paris```* **columns per file**:```YearMonthDayHourMinuteTemperature [degC]DHI: direct horizontal irradiance [W/m^2]GHI: global horizontal irradiance [W/m^2]DNI: direct normal irradiance [W/m^2]Wind Speed [m/s]```* **length**: 1 year* **time increment**: 900s**Important hints**:- *A value with, for example, a timestamp 12:00:00 represents the mean value from this timestamp until the following timestamp.*- *datetime column is in CET / CEST*